Bom.
What did you just say?
-Bom.
-"Bom"?
Isn't that how your friends call you?
"Bom."
EPISODE 2
Hey.
We're not exactly on speaking terms.
You know what?
When you're in a rush,
you just spew out words without thinking.
But Han-gyul's parents aren't coming.
That's because...
I'm sorry about last time.
-Give me your phone.
-What?
From now on, if you have a problem,
talk to me directly.
If you do that in front of others,
it'll put them in a fix.
I'd rather he cussed me out.
He keeps acting cool. Geez.
Sun Han-gyul.
No.
Evil Han-gyul.
Now, sophists
posit that there are
no universal moral standards,
in other words, moral relativism.
On the other hand,
someone claimed there are
absolute, universal moral principles.
-Who is it?
-Sun Jae-gyu!
Ma'am, could you please
move this "Sun Jae-gyu" away?
I can't see anything on the board
because of this darn pot.
No way. Thanks to this "Sun Jae-gyu,"
I can't see your face,
and my eyes feel so happy.
Quiet.
But how do you know the name
of the person who gave this?
SUN JAE-GYU
What the heck?
-One, two.
This isn't a gift.
It's more like a punishment.
Sir, can't we just keep it at school?
We can't.
I love little, cute things.
Come on. The bus stop is right over there,
so let's hang in there.
Hello, everyone.
I'm sorry,
but could you take this pot back?
We don't know what to do with it,
and it's so heavy that the teachers…
Is he even human?
Get in.
You can't just throw out a gift.
-Why are you peeking at me?
-Am I busted?
-I wasn't.
-You were.
I'm busted.
I did look...
but I was looking at the GPS.
I thought you remembered me.
Remember you?
Haven't we met somewhere?
We haven't.
-I'm sure we have.
-I don't think so.
Then I must be mistaken.
Where on earth have we met?
There's no way
we were romantically involved.
Did I take out a private loan?
Did I get kidnapped?
Or did I get robbed by him?
What is it?
Do you want to remember me so badly?
I tried to remember you because you asked.
It's not like I want to remember you.
Mr. Sun Jae-gyu.
What did you just say?
What?
You just said my name.
-"Mr. Sun Jae-gyu"?
-Yes, Ms. Bom.
Let's call each other by our names now.
-Over there.
-Okay.
SUN JAE-GYU
Why do you show your name?
Do you have a problem with it?
I know your name,
so you don't have to keep reminding me--
Now that you know my name,
make sure to use it.
Gosh, what a killer view you've got here.
An ocean view.
Stop looking, Bom.
Why do you keep checking him out?
Can I get a cup of coffee? Iced coffee.
I carried it all the way here,
and I don't get coffee?
Is this how
Seoul people treat their guests?
I'm sorry,
but I happen to be out of coffee.
Then let's do it next time.
Sure, next time.
When are you free?
On second thought, now would be better.
You must be dying to have coffee with me.
Right?
Okay. I got it.
What? Is he leaving?
He's so weird, seriously.
TEACHER HONG JUNG-PYO
Hey, Ms. Bom.
You know the environmental club
I'm in charge of, right?
I'm thinking of
putting you in charge of that.
But you're the science teacher,
so why should I?
Well, I know I'm in charge of science,
but I'm overloaded
with head teacher duties.
The principal also approved it,
so that's that.
Bye, then.
Wait. Mr. Hong!
Hey!
Since I've been quiet,
he must think I'm a pushover.
I don't know anything about green energy.
How can I be in charge of it?
Hello?
Bom?
You answered my call.
Bom, can you at least hear me out?
I regretted so much
after you left like that.
Whatever the reason,
I shouldn't have said that to you
as a father.
Bom.
Can you tell me where you are
so I can come explain myself?
I miss you so much, my daughter.
And I love you so much.
Bom, are you listening?
Bom.
Who is it?
You said you were out of coffee. Take it.
You really didn't have to…
INSTANT COFFEE MIX
Were you crying?
When you feel down,
sweets are the best cure.
Bye, then.
When you feel down,
sweets are the best cure.
I've heard this voice before.
ACTRESS JEONG NAN-HEE
GREENROOM
Jerk.
After you made a fancafe for me
and made it flourish…
How could your love ever change?
Change?
If I could,
I'd freeze you from back then
and keep you for myself.
But you can't do me a favor
and find someone for me?
Ms. Jeong Nan-hee.
As the founding president
of The Chronicles of Nan-hee,
I'd run to you even at night
if you call me,
but I'm not a detective.
You said you know how to find people.
You yourself are looking
for your archenemy or something.
Are you trying to get me disbarred?
I'm asking this favor
at the risk of losing you, my biggest fan.
Who is it?
Who are you looking for?
My daughter.
Your daughter?
THE 30TH ANNIVERSARY OF HER DEBUT
2022 FAN MEETING IN SEOUL
JEONG NAN-HEE
Mom.
You know.
You've seen her once.
You said she looked just like me
when I debuted.
-Right?
-Well…
But she's not a kid.
Where did she go?
I'm asking you to find her
because I don't know.
I don't know who she takes after,
but she's so hot-tempered.
I said something harsh,
and she disappeared.
I haven't heard from her ever since.
What on earth did you say?
Just find her.
If you don't, I'll unfollow you
and take revenge on you.
Yes, Secretary Oh.
If you don't find her,
I'll replace you as the fancafe president.
Yes.
Brat.
Gosh, what do we do?
The court hasn't ordered to correct it.
Geez. I thought
I'd be able to go find him today,
so I washed my car twice
and even got my hair done in Cheongdam.
I'm sure we'll get it by Monday,
so let's wait.
Then we will find out
if Sun Jae-gyu is alive
and where he lives.
How have you been, guys?
Hey, Officer Lee.
Goodness.
You've rearranged the desks.
And changed the posters.
And these new LED lights
are nice and bright.
Where did the pot go?
Is it dead again?
I told you,
you shouldn't water stuckyi often.
Enough. Take a seat.
Name.
Sun Jae-gyu.
Age.
Thirty-six.
You know why you're here, right?
Yes, I know very well.
Why did you touch it?
Geez.
Listen.
I didn't really mean to touch it.
-I had no choice--
-You see, there are a lot of witnesses.
Sir, why don't we have a snack
before we keep going?
Good?
When you feel down,
sweets are the best cure.
Come on.
Try it.
It's so sweet.
When you feel down,
sweets are the best cure.
I've definitely heard that before.
SOLVING THE ENERGY CRISIS
ENERGY REVOLUTION
I've heard it before.
What's going on? Was there a gang fight?
He's coming out!
In your positions!
Goodness.
Welcome back!
-Boss!
Boss. First…
Have some of this.
Oh, my goodness.
What on earth does he do
to eat tofu outside a police station
this early in the morning?
If petroleum disappears all of a sudden,
what will happen to the world?
Most of our cars, planes, and trains
will stop running.
Shops will be empty,
and there will be nothing left
for us to buy.
Most of the machines that make ballpoint
pens, bags, plates, and appliances
run on petroleum products.
In fact, fossil fuel reserves
are finite and limited.
And we don't know when they will run out.
Let's not even try to remember.
Wherever I saw him,
it couldn't have been good.
We have learned
about sustainable, eco-friendly energy,
new renewable energy.
ENERGY CLUB
GREEN NARAE
We have roughly gone through
energy types and functions first.
Ma'am.
Are we going to stay
in the classroom all the time?
I hear the drone club goes on field trips.
Field trips, my foot.
What? You don't like field trips?
It's not that.
She's an exchange teacher.
I doubt she's passionate enough
to do that for a club.
Exchange teacher?
Then are you going back to Seoul?
When?
Regardless of when I go back,
while I'm here, I'm your club advisor
and will do my best to guide you, so…
Ma'am.
There's a power plant I know.
Can we go on a field trip there?
You know a power plant?
My uncle works at the power plant.
Your uncle has a job?
Yes, he does.
Well, I mean,
he always goes around during the day
and hangs with scary-looking guys.
And I saw him
in front of a police station.
Plus, I thought
he liked spicy chicken skewers,
but he enjoys tofu too.
Which power plant?
The one you see on Bus 23.
The one with pinwheels
that look pretty at sunset?
Let's go there, then.
I've wanted to visit that place.
Well… No.
I'll look into another power plant.
Now, "new renewable energy"
is a combination of the words
"new energy" and "renewable energy."
You all know that fossil fuels cause
environmental damage, right?
To prevent that,
existing fossil fuels are reused
or converted to renewable energy
to make it eco-friendly energy.
And there are various types
such as solar, wind and biomass.
Hey, don't push. Darn it.
Can you go faster?
Give it to me.
Goodness. When are we going
to finish at this rate? Move.
No, hold on. Stop.
Boss.
Should I explain to you what caused
the Donghak Peasant Revolution?
I know you don't smoke,
but go take a smoke break, please.
Fine.
This will do, right?
Hey.
Black Belt, this is White.
Are you free to talk?
What?
Got it.
Wrap it up without me. I'll be back.
Sorry?
You scared me.
Did you oppose
Green Narae visiting my workplace?
Do you have CCTV cameras in school?
How do you know what happened
in school 145 minutes ago?
Give me a justifiable reason
why my company's out.
I can't let him get to me.
It's up to the teacher
to choose the place. Bye.
If you leave my company out,
Palryongpo Suho Energy is 27 km away,
and Seomigot Doseong Solar is 35 km away.
It's not like the school has a car.
How will you take the kids to one of them?
But there's no justifiable reason
why we should go to your company either.
There is.
What is it?
They refused to give Han-gyul
the Filial Piety Award.
But I'm his parent.
I'd like to use this chance
to show his friends
how his uncle works.
I can't let him get to me, but…
I'll think about it.
If you're not sure about my company...
we can go check it out this weekend.
-Just you and me?
-Is that what you want?
Of course not.
Why would I when there's Han-gyul?
The three of us can go.
You said you'll go.
What? He got me.
This Saturday at 12:00 p.m.
I'll pick you up at your place.
Darn it.
REPORT CARD
Korean, second place.
Overall, second place.
Grade 2.
Everything is two!
Remember what you said?
You said you'd be the top student
at Shinsu High.
You said you'd get Grade 1.
Did I?
I didn't say that.
You said that's what I should do.
You must.
Don't you know we're all stuck
in this countryside to get you Grade 1?
Keep this in mind.
You have to keep getting
the best grades until you graduate
to barely end up with Grade 1.
Am I beef?
You always go on about Grade 1
when you see me.
Hey. If you want grade-one beef,
you can buy it for 99,000 won, at least.
I shouldn't eat it,
since its grade is higher than mine.
Geez.
That brat. If only you studied
as hard as you talk back.
-That little…
-Goodness.
Darn it. They're so frustrating!
I hate them!
JJUN
Where are you?
What are you doing this weekend?
Can I stay at your place this weekend?
Han-gyul, I'm home.
Hey.
Here.
It's hot.
Right. I heard Dong-pyo called you again.
What did he say?
Did you meet my teacher and argue again?
Argue? Please.
We settled amicably.
She agreed to decide
after checking out the place.
Really?
Of course.
Don't you know your uncle?
But the guys said she wouldn't bother
since she's an exchange teacher.
Exchange teacher? What's that?
She's going back to Seoul.
What?
-When? Why?
-I don't know.
But I wonder why
she came all the way down here.
I think her family
and friends are all in Seoul.
Sun Jae-gyu.
If I let you get to me again today,
I'm not human, I'm a squid.
I'm a freaking dried radish.
All right.
Time to start another gloomy day.
Don't smile.
Don't have fun.
Don't be happy.
You've got this.
Ninety-six.
Ninety-seven.
Ninety-eight.
Ninety-nine.
Gosh, the weather's so nice today.
What about Han-gyul?
Hello, Ms. Yoon.
I'll sit in the back--
Get in.
Now, put on your seat belt.
Let's get going.
Do you have plans after this?
I don't.
I thought you were going to a funeral.
You always wear dark clothes,
as if you're in mourning.
Did you just criticize my outfit?
What about you?
Why are you always dressed like that?
Have you ever thought about
pursuing fashion, not function?
Working clothes
just need to be comfortable.
Look. This is
four-way stretch spandex fabric.
It's really comfortable when you work.
Is your nickname "Shadow"?
SE-JIN
Hey.
You said to tell you directly
if I had a problem with you.
Where?
Got it.
Uncle, let me out.
I'm sorry. Something urgent came up.
I'll join you later.
Okay, see you.
Han-gyul!
What's with you?
You let him out without asking him why?
He can take care of himself. Why worry?
Even so…
So? Should we go without him?
Of course, we should go with him.
Then we'll wait.
Want to go watch a movie?
Why would I do that with a parent?
Then…
There's a quiet, secluded walking trail
over the underpass.
How about going there?
No. I don't like quiet, secluded places.
Let's go to a loud and crowded place.
Sure.
SHINSU TERMINAL
Choi Se-jin!
What the heck?
Did you come to find me?
What were you talking about?
Run away because of me?
I'm always in second place because of you.
Unless you vanish,
I'm going to end up in second place.
But unfortunately, I'm someone
who must be in first place.
So I'm leaving for a place without you.
ARE YOU STAYING AT MY PLACE TONIGHT?
YES. I'M LEAVING NOW.
"Jjun"?
Who is that?
Someone who'd love me
even if I'm in second place.
Is it a man?
Would it be a woman?
Are you getting in?
Coming.
Hey.
Take care, Grade 1.
NO STOPOVERS
SHINSU TO SEOUL
Sir!
SUN JAE-GYU
I AM IN AWE
Is there a celebrity named Sun Jae-gyu?
Hey, there's an autograph
of someone named Sun Jae-gyu…
That's me.
Why do you write your name everywhere?
Don't bother looking at the menu.
The only thing we should order
is osam bulgogi.
LACQUER CHICKEN SOUP AVAILABLE
-It's good.
-Really?
Want some more?
You have to get better soon.
Open up.
Two osam bulgogis, please.
Lacquer chicken soup.
Large or medium?
Medium, please.
Damn it.
I'll take you to a bathhouse
and boil you in the hottest tub.
Before I make your freaking waist
look like an hourglass,
order the large one.
Understood?
Answer me!
Okay!
Large, please.
Large. Yes.
She still looks healthy.
You don't have an appetite?
You see...
I've lost money, friends,
and even the will to live,
but I've never lost
my appetite in my life.
Then you must be a picky eater.
I've never produced any food waste
except for watermelon rinds.
I see.
Wait, the way he eats,
I think I've seen it before.
What is it?
Oh, nothing.
Not long ago, I think I saw
someone similar to you
in front of a police station.
Did you see that?
I ended up there
because I did something to a woman.
What did you do to that woman?
-What?
-Come on!
You damn punk.
How dare you touch my car?
Are you insane?
This is a brand-new car
I got her yesterday.
I didn't really touch it.
Hello? Is this the police?
-I want to report someone.
-Tell them to come and get this crazy guy.
-My goodness!
-Report or sue me, do that later.
Move aside.
Get out of the way, now.
-I should take a picture.
-Come on!
Look carefully.
Move aside.
I hardly even touched it.
"Touched it"?
And her husband had to be there.
In front of her husband?
This kind of thing happens often.
It's okay. Don't worry.
By any chance,
the scar on Mr. Hong's palm…
Was it your doing?
What the hell is a teacher doing here?
Maybe he didn't want
to give Han-gyul the award
-because of that.
-My hand.
Han-gyul is running late.
I think we should go home for today.
Mr. Sun, your face…
Your face is…
Geez, a man shouldn't get
hives on his face
over some food.
How could you be so foolish?
I recover really fast,
so it'll all be gone in an hour, okay?
If you had an allergy,
you should've let me eat it alone.
Come on.
You wouldn't have enjoyed it, then.
Food tastes best when you eat it together.
Aren't I right?
Are you laughing?
Don't smile.
Don't have fun.
Don't be happy.
Let me see your face.
Oh, no!
Look. Don't ever
touch my body again. Okay?
Hey, Han-gyul.
Okay.
With who?
Where?
What's going on?
Do you have money?
I understand.
Buy her a meal as soon as you arrive,
and take care of her.
Text me where you are later,
and I'll go get you.
Okay, bye.
I'm afraid I have to go.
Why? Where's Han-gyul?
Who is he with?
Well…
His classmate named Choi Se-jin
ran away from home.
And he followed her.
-Se-jin?
-Yes.
I can't give you a ride. Get home safe.
"Get home safe"?
I'm their homeroom teacher,
not you, Mr. Sun.
Where do we go?
To Seoul.
PARENT-TEACHER MEETING ON EDUCATION
Take good care of my kid.
Sure. Thank you so much for coming.
Hello, ma'am.
I'm A-ram's father.
Thank you for taking the time
out of your busy schedule.
A-ram must be happy
since she has such a caring dad.
Well, yes.
Thank you.
GETS ALONG WITH FRIENDS
AND IS RESPONSIBLE…
OH A-RAM'S FATHER
How was your day? Was it good?
If you have a hard time at school,
let me know.
As you said, I'm quite a caring man.
What's the perfume you were wearing
at school? I can't stop thinking about it.
Why aren't you replying? I miss you.
Where are you? Can we meet for a moment?
I'm so disappointed.
Is it true?
No way. Ms. Bom would never do that.
They have proof.
If they didn't,
why would A-ram's mom do that?
She pretended to be all ethical,
but she was having an affair.
Gosh, she's disgusting.
She makes me throw up.
What's wrong?
Never mind.
Let's go…
to Seoul.
Hey, Evil Han-gyul.
"Evil Han-gyul"?
This is why I call you Evil Han-gyul.
I ran away from home because of you.
I ran away to get away from you,
so why are you following me
and bothering me?
Aren't you hungry?
Let's go eat by the Hangang River.
Why would a runaway
do such a romantic thing?
I didn't run all the way here
to do normal things like that.
This is my first time in Seoul.
What?
You've never been to places
like Seoul World Tower?
I've only seen them online.
Since it's my first time here,
I should do something before I go back.
And we skipped lunch
because we took a bus.
Whether you run away or do whatever,
do it after you eat.
Let's go.
Follow me.
How does it feel to be overly talented?
I'm never talented enough.
I failed to get into a better school,
and I'm always in second place.
And you get Grade 1
when you're not going to college.
And you're always in first place.
Are you jealous?
I'm frustrated.
Can I ask you something?
How does it feel to have parents?
It really sucks.
It sucks even more not to have parents.
Now I can't live with my dad
even for a day.
I wish I could live with my dad for a day.
And I don't want to talk to my mom.
I wish I could talk to my mom
for a second.
You have such a good uncle.
No matter how good, he's still not my mom.
Hong Jung-pyo told me
I have no parents,
so I can't get the Filial Award.
I wasn't angry because he said
he wouldn't give me the award.
It was because I felt like he was right...
Sometimes, being good to my uncle
feels like I'm just repaying him
for what he did for me.
Evil Han-gyul.
You never fail to beat me.
In this situation,
you pull the "no-parents" card?
You're just making me look bad.
MEET ME AT HANGANG RIVER STATION AT 8
I hope you've made
pleasant memories in Seoul.
I enjoyed talking to you.
Where are you going?
Se-jin!
Hey!
What are you doing?
My back hurts so much
because of that stupid pot.
This is bad.
Tomorrow is my wife's birthday.
My wrists hurt too,
and my neck feels so stiff.
I'm not feeling well.
If it were ten years ago,
when Sun Jae-gyu came into the office,
I would've had him
in a headlock and choked him.
Right?
By the way,
it's the sports festival tomorrow,
but our PE teacher's in bad shape.
You heard the principal, right?
Our school's sports festival
is basically Shinsu's Olympics.
He's putting in so much effort.
Speaking of which,
why don't we work out together?
-Work out?
-Yes.
Let's do it. I'm in.
But what would be good?
If we want to learn skills fast,
-we should do boxing.
-Oh, boxing.
Learn fast? I'll end up hurting my knees.
Then, how about we begin
with something light like soccer?
I'm quite introverted,
so I can't play with strangers.
Then how about climbing?
That's best for muscle strengthening.
Don't you know I have a fear of heights?
You say no to everything!
What should we do then?
I don't know.
I got it.
It won't hurt your knees.
It's okay even if you're an introvert
or have a fear of heights.
It's perfect for us.
What is it?
Mr. Hong said he'd come,
but he's not here.
Why are you here instead?
I want to become like Han-gyul's uncle.
What?
Listen, ma'am.
Have you ever heard the saying that
you can't grow teeth at the age of 80?
Snails may cross the ocean
and boiled beans may sprout,
but how can a woman become like him
when even men can't?
That's exactly why I'm doing this!
You male teachers
look down on women like this,
so of course, the male students
never listen to women!
They say teachers' authority
has hit rock bottom.
But do you know
where female teachers' authority lies?
It's underground!
-Hello.
Hello.
I'm glad you came.
Master.
I really want to learn the skills
as fast as possible.
How long will it take?
Well, it depends on the person,
but I can guarantee
that trainees at my dojo learn
twice as fast as those at other dojos.
You must have some kind of secret method.
You see, there's a legendary black belt
at this dojo.
He's one of the 700 great masters
in Korea.
He's an elite who went from a white belt
to a black belt in seven years.
He even perfectly mastered
the legendary Imanari Roll.
He's the pride of our dojo.
If you spar with him,
your skills and stamina will...
get better fast.
When is that great person coming?
He usually shows up around this time.
I wonder what happened. He's late today.
Are you sure he's here?
He texted me he was here five minutes ago.
I guess he can't answer
because he's with her.
Let's split up.
You go right, and I'll go left.
Okay.
Where did this punk go? Darn it.
Jjun!
I missed you so much!
I lost my way. Seoul is so far.
I'm so hungry.
Buy me something delicious, please?
-Uncle!
-Hey.
Why are you alone?
What about Choi Se-jin?
-I lost her.
-You lost her?
To tell the truth, I didn't tell you
because you'd worry,
but she kept texting some guy.
And the guy told her to stay the night...
at his place.
At his place?
The Inner Circle train toward Hangang Naru
is now approaching.
Se-jin!
Darn it.
Hello?
I found her.
We just got on the train,
but she's with some guy.
I'm coming.
We don't know who he is.
Who knows what he'll do to you?
Wait right there.
I can't. The train's leaving now.
Then let's meet at the next station.
The next station?
How will we…
Hello?
Take the next train.
No way.
YOUR CURRENT SPEED
SLOW DOWN
-Let's go!
We've got this!
-What the heck?
I'm coming.
Just wait for me.
This stop is Hangang Naru Station.
The doors…
PROTECT THE EARTH!
NO EARTH, NO US
I knew it.
What?
Choi Se-jin!
Excuse me. I'm sorry. Coming through.
Get out of the way!
Move.
Mr. Sun?
Now I remember
this man.
Mister.
Sun Jae-gyu?
I wanted to forgive him,
but I want to take revenge now.
Didn't you lose your other half?
Can you treat it?
You've fallen for him.
What's a guy like Sun Jae-gyu
doing with a woman like that?
She was crying her eyes out.
Look carefully from now on.
It's definitely an approval.
Jae-gyu!
Subtitle translation by Wayne Ryu